1. GRANT OF LICENSE.

1.1 United Admins Ltd (the Licensor) grants you (the user) a non-exclusive
royalty-free license to make as many copies of the software accompanying
this agreement as you want, as long as software and license is distributed
in UNMODIFIED form and without charge.

1.2 You shall not use, copy, rent, lease, sell, modify, decompile,
disassemble, otherwise reverse engineer, or transfer the software, nor
make use of any other such right except as provided in this Agreement. Any
such unauthorized use shall result in immediate and automatic termination
of this Agreement.

1.3 You are specifically prohibited from charging, requesting donations
for copies of the software, or distributing the software together with any
other products without the Licensors prior written permission.

1.4 If you're under 18 years of age, or subject to any law which requires
you to seek the permission or consent of your parent or legal guardian in
order to form legally binding contracts - you will have to have permission
or consent of your parent or legal guardian in order to agree on this
license.

2. PRIVACY AND USER RIGHTS.

2.1 User of this software should be aware that by agreeing this license,
he also allows transfer of certain information from his computer to game
servers and master servers.

Information transferred may include, but is not limited to, results of
cheat, memory and file scans, screenshots of game screens, users STEAM_ID,
time of day, IP address of client and  server and nickname used.

Under no circumtances will any other private or personal information or
contents of  actual files or memory transferred.

2.2 Screenshots containing game screens may be transferred to game servers
and may be publically availabe on the internet. While the Licensor will
try to make sure that no private or personal information is visible within
the screenshots, we cannot guarantee it. User should take precautions to
prevent the leaking of any personal information by shutting down all
unnecessary programs while running this software.

2.3 Any information about cheat programs on your system may be reported in
public,  including results of cheat, memory and file scans. User of this
program takes full responsibility for such events.

2.3 Based on your previous and current cheat violations, you may be banned
locally or globally from all gaming servers protected by this and
associated software. In addition, the Licensor reserves the right to pass
on your details to other server or blacklist operators.

3. ALLOWED USE OF SOFTWARE

3.1 You are allowed to install and run this software, as stated in
agreement, in its unmodified form, in order to connect and play on
Cheating-Death protected servers.  Any other use of this software is
prohibited.  

3.2 You may not decompile, reverse engineer, debug, analyze, disassemble,
or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form or use such
methods for gaining any inside information how this software operates.
You're not allowed to or discuss, transfer or make availabe any
information about the internal operations of this software, for example,
how it works, what it does, and or how to alter its operation or bypass
protections or cause software to fail to operate propely.

3.3 You are not allowed to run or use any program which in any way
modifies or prevents proper operation of this software. Such a software is
direct violation of this agreement and results in immediate and automatic
termination of this Agreement.

3.4 You may not modify the Software or create derivative works based upon
the Software. Distribution of modified software is  also prohibited.

3.5 You are allowed to use this software for its intented purpose, in
unmodified form, free of charge as long as this license is valid.

4. WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

This software is not FREE software. This software is (C)opyright 2004
by United Admins Ltd and provided for FREE of charge to gaming community.

This software comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
You,as a user of this software, take all responsibility, direct or
indirect,resulting from the installation, use or removal of this software.

If laws of your country conflict with any part of this license
(for example, reverse-engineering is always allowed) - YOU ARE NOT
ALLOWED TO USE OR INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE AT ALL! 
Please obtain special license for your purpose from United Admins Ltd.

All matters in relation to my use of the software and this agreement shall
be governed by the laws of England and Wales.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
By installing and using this product, you agree on all the terms of
this license.
